PAL-665 fixed readme copyright comment (#31)
gchq/Palisade-examples: README.md

    PhoneNumber[] contactNumbers;
    EmergencyContact[] emergencyContacts;
    Address address;
    BankDetails bankDetails;
    String taxCode;
    Nationality nationality;
    Manager[] manager;
    String hireDate;
    Grade grade;
    Department department;
    int salaryAmount;
    int salaryBonus;
    WorkLocation workLocation;
    Sex sex;
}
```
The manager field is an array of manager, which could potentially be nested several layers deep, in the generated example manager is nested 3-5 layers deep.

## Example Library

The users, resources and policies to be used in the example are configured in the [configuration yaml](/example-library/src/main/resources/application-example.yaml).
Each of these prepopulation vaules are loaded into the appropriate service on service start-up, see the [run-example scripts](/deployment/local-jvm/bash-scripts).

In particular, the example deals with the following users:
- User Alice has the role HR and completed the PAYROLL_TRAINING_COURSE
- User Bob has the role ESTATES and not completed any training
- User Eve has the role IT and not completed any training

### BankDetailsRule  
The bankDetails field should be returned:

> - if the user querying the file has completed the PAYROLL_TRAINING_COURSE and the purpose of the query is SALARY

Reviewer: user also needs to have HR role

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/gchq/Palisade-examples/pull/29

In all other cases the bankDetails field should be redacted.

### DutyOfCareRule  

> This rule is concerned with the contactNumbers and emergencyContacts as well as the sex fields. These fields should be returned:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule is concerned with the contactNumber, emergencyContacts and sex fields. These fields should be returned:
```
